feat: namespaced extensions (#7013)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/3.middleware/2.guides/3.extensions.md

        ...extensions, // don't forget to add existing extensions
        {
          name: 'extension-name',

>           isNamespaced: `[true/false:default]`

Author: I did not know that there is an "official notation for describing all possibilities of options in a software documentation", could you please share a link? ;)

>           isNamespaced: `[true/false:default]`

Reviewer: @bartoszherba I did not know either, I thought you did and that's why you used it here :P But it's OK, I was just asking for a friend because he was curious

```

- `name` - a unique name for your extension,

> - `isNamespaced` - defines if the extension should be namespaced. Namespaced extensions are registered under `/{integration-name}/{extension-name}` endpoint in opposition to non-namespaced extensions which are registered under `/{integration-name}` endpoint. Default value is `false`. Extensions without a namespace can potentially override existing endpoints, so it's recommended to use namespaced extensions whenever possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `isNamespaced` - defines if the extension should be namespaced. Namespaced extensions are registered under `/{integration-name}/{extension-name}` extension of integration's namespace in opposition to non-namespaced extensions which are registered under `/{integration-name}` integration's namespace. Default value is `false`. Extensions without a namespace can potentially override existing endpoints, so it's recommended to use namespaced extensions whenever possible.
```

Author: fixed
